Competitive Analysis: Space Jump
1) Mega Jump
Mega jump is a game that has similar features to the game that I want to make. Features from this game that I would like to include in my game are obstacles that, once hit, cause the game to be over, the score concept of the higher you make it up, the higher your score will be, the ability to move left and right, the concept of wrapping around if the x-coordinate of the character is off the screen. I also liked the idea of power-ups as the game progresses, which facilitate your chances of getting higher up in the game and provide many benefits. The concept of losing when not hitting a platform and reaching the bottom of the screen is something that I would like to incorporate into my game as well. 
There were many features that I didn't like and will not incorporate into my game. I didn't like how there were "coins" that you could jump off of, allowing periods of time of continuous upward acceleration. I wouldn’t want to include this in my game because the gameplay doesn’t feel “smooth” with continuous acceleration. For my game, I want to make it so that the platforms are the only objects that the character can jump off of. I also didn't like how the screen moved with the character everywhere it went. For my game, I want to make it so that the screen only moves when the character is almost off bounds vertically. Other than that, if the character is bouncing statically on a platform and isn't off bounds, the screen will not move with it. 
2) Tower Tennis (From Wario Ware)
Tower Tennis is basically a game where you control a hand holding a ping pong paddle as you try to balance a ping pong ball bouncing on the paddle. Once the ball falls, the game is over. Some of the features that I liked from this game are the physics of bouncing the ball up and down, obstacles that appear as you get higher up in the game, and the concept that if the ball falls the game is over. I plan to incorporate similar physics because the ball moved nicely, with very little lag if any.
A feature that I didn't like was that you were unable to wrap around if the ball went out of bounds. In fact, it was impossible for the ball to go out of bounds because there were walls on the side to prevent that. I also didn't like how you could angle the ball's jump and how the screen continuously moved up, similar to mega jump. I do not want to incorporate a continuous upward movement in my game because it doesn’t give the player control over the pace. I want the player to have more control on when he/she wants the player to move up.
3) Doodle Jump
This game is the most similar to what I want to make in my opinion. Features that I liked were that the screen only moved when needed to be moved (ex. if the character was about to be above the max y-value by going upward), the ability to shoot bullets upward in whatever direction you choose, enemies that appear at random times in the game, and the ability to wrap around if the character's x-axis is out of bounds. I would like to incorporate these features into my game. I want to incorporate the upward bullet shooting because I feel that it would be a creative way to get rid of enemies above you. However, in Doodle Jump, you control the direction by touching the screen in the direction you want to shoot. I want to make it so that in my game, you control where you want to shoot by hovering the mouse over the direction you want to shoot.
A feature that I didn't like was that you could jump on your enemies. For my game, the only way to get rid of an enemy is to shoot it down. For this to be feasible, enemies have to be static and able to come down, which I’m not a big fan of. Another feature I didn’t like was that the player’s speed x speed could get very fast if the left or right key is continuously pressed down. I do not want this because it could hinder the colliding factor of my game since the player is moving too fast. Also, since my controls are with the arrow keys, it would be hard to change direction moving that fast as opposed to just tilting your phone in Doodle Jump.
4) Cereal Jump
This game is extremely similar to Mega Jump. A feature that I liked was the starting page (or main menu). It had the name of the game on the top in a signature font, then the "play" button placed uniquely in the middle of the page, and more buttons below that. I would like to incorporate the simple design on my main page because it will add to the space theme in my game.
Again, similar to mega jump, I didn't like how there were no platforms to jump on, and the only thing that you are able to jump on are the cereal bits. This allows you to accelerate continuously for some time, which I don't want in my game. This also makes the game a bit too easy and less playable.
