Project Proposal
    For my term project, I will make a game where the objective is to make it as high as you possibly can by jumping on platforms. Your score is determined not only by how far up you get in the game, but by how many enemies you shoot down on the way. I will be using Tkinter for this project, and will upload some images to enhance the graphics of the game. 
    The starting screen once the game is run will be a main splash screen with the title of the game on the top, and 2 (for now) options directly below it. The options will be "Play" and "Instructions". Later on, I will add more features such as "High Scores", etc. but I want to get the basics down first.
Play: 
    The play option will be the main part of my project. This will be where the player actually plays the game and where the bulk of the code will be pertaining to. 
The screen starts off with the main character jumping vertically on the ground till an arrow key is pressed. The user will then jump on a platform to officially start playing the game. Each time the main character's feet make contact with a platform, the main character is propelled by a jump. The screen will move accordingly with the main character if it reaches the upper bound of the screen, similar to an "upward side-scroller". As the main character makes his way higher and higher, the amount of platforms decreases, which inevitably makes the game harder the higher you reach. If the player somehow fails to make contact with the platforms displayed on the screen and makes contact with the bottom of the screen, the game is lost.
    As the player is making his/her way up in the game, there will be occasional "enemies" that increase the difficulty of getting higher. The enemies will attempt to shoot you, and you have the ability to shoot back. If any one of the enemies' bullets hits the main character or the main character makes contact with the enemy, the game is over. If one of your bullets hit the enemy, the enemy vanishes and you can continue on as if the enemy was not there. The direction of the bullets will be controlled by the direction of where the mouse is placed. Ideal gameplay is to have right hand on keys and left hand on mouse to determine direction of bullets when fired. The nose of the space module will follow where the mouse is.
Instructions:
    The instructions screen will just be a static screen clarifying the objective of the game and the proper keys needed to succeed in the game. I will import images to make it look nicer than default Tkinter text and graphics.
